JADEN, WAIT UP!
CAN'T!
NOT ON SANDWICH DAY!
AW, WHICH ONE?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THIS IS TOUGH!
ISN'T SANDWICH DAY
JUST THE GREATEST, SY?!
ALL THESE CHOICES!
AND NOT ONE
OF 'EM LABELED!
HOW'S THAT
THE GREATEST?
THERE'RE
OSTRICH BURGERS,
GRILLED TONGUE
SANDWICHES,
OR A HALF DOZEN
OTHER MYSTERY MEALS
THAT AREN'T
EXACTLY TASTY!
YEAH, BUT THERE'S
ONE GOOD ONE!
COMPLIMENTS OF THAT
MAGICAL ROOSTER
THAT LAYS
THE GOLDEN EGGS!
THAT'S CRAZY TALK,
JADEN...
EVERYONE KNOWS
ROOSTERS CAN'T
LAY EGGS!
LOOK, THE POINT IS
THAT EGG-WICH IS DEE-LISH!
AND WELL-WORTH ROOTING
THROUGH ALL THOSE OTHER
NASTY ITEMS TO SNAG!
HMM.
WELL, GOOD LUCK,
IT'S BEEN
FIVE WEEKS
SINCE YOU'VE BEEN
ABLE TO DRAW IT...
HERE GOES!
[GROANING]
GRILLED TONGUE...BLEHK.
I GUESS YOU'RE JUST
IN A SLUMP, JADEN.
BUT I'M SURE YOU'LL
GET OVER IT SOON.
Alexis: BETTER
A BAD DRAW HERE
THAN DURING A DUEL.
ALEXIS?
OH...SO YOU TOOK
THE EGG-WICH
TO HAVE LUNCH
WITH ME, HUH?
I DID NO SUCH THING!
I WAS JUST
PRACTICING MY DRAWS!
SUUURE YOU WERE.
YEAH! I WAS!
IT'S TRUE, JADEN,
SHE DIDN'T DRAW
THE EGG-WICH.
IN FACT, DURING
THE LAST FIVE WEEKS
NO ONE HAS.
LEAST, NO ONE I KNOW.
SOMEONE MUST BE SNEAKING
IN AND STEALING THEM.
STEALING THEM?
WHOA. THAT THIEF
MUST BE PRETTY GOOD
TO BE ABLE TO DRAW IT
WEEK AFTER WEEK!
IT'S TRUE,
NONE OF THE OTHER
SANDWICHES ARE OPENED...
ANYWAY, I'M SORRY.
OH, IT'S NOT YOUR
FAULT, MS. DOROTHY!
IT'S THIS EGG-WICH
THIEF'S FAULT,
WHICH IS WHY...
WE'RE GONNA DO
SOMETHIN' ABOUT IT!
HOLD ON, WE ARE?
YEP! WE'RE GOIN' ON
SANDWICH STAKEOUT!
TWENTY FOUR, SEVEN!
GREAT! WHAT?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: QUIET...
IT'S COMING...
SLOWLY...SLOWLY...
HERE IT COMES...
HEH HEH HEH!
THIS ONE!
YEP! HIGH CARD!
PICKING CARDS,
DRAWING CARDS, AMAZING!
WHY, THANK YOU!
SO YA THINK WHEN THIS
SANDWICH THIEF GUY COMES
HE'S GONNA HAVE
ANYTHING ON HIM?
FOR THE LAST TIME,
CHUMLEY,
HE STEALS EGG
SANDWICHES,
NOT GRILLED CHEESE.
WOULDJA TELL HIM, ALEXIS?
IT'S TRUE, CHUM.
HEY, WHAT'S LEX DOIN'
OVER THERE ANYHOW?
I THINK HER HOMEWORK...
[THINKING]
WHAT I'M DOING IS WAITING
FOR THIS THIEF TO COME.
WHO KNOWS, HE MAY
HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
WITH MY MISSING BROTHER...
AND ALL THE OTHERS...
WHO WANTS
SOME STAKEOUT SNACKS?!
HERE, DIG IN!
GRILLED CHEESE?!
AW...WHAT ARE THOSE?
MY SPECIAL STUFFED PASTRIES--
THREE KINDS!
WE HAVE STRAWBERRY...
CHOCOLATE,
AND LEMON CUSTARD,
AS WELL.
THANKS, MS. DOROTHY!
WHAT'S MOST LIKE
GRILLED CHEESE?
OH, IT'S RIGHT--
WAIT!
WE SHOULD DRAW!
AND TRY TO PICK
WHAT WE WANT!
I WANT STRAWBERRY!
WAIT, JADEN, SO YOU
WANNA DRAW PASTRIES
LIKE CARDS?
THAT'S
A GOOD IDEA...
GO FOR IT, JADEN!
ALRIGHT! WISH ME LUCK!
STRAWBERRY!
ON YOUR FIRST TRY,
TOO, JADEN!
WAY TO GO!
IT'S GOOD TO KNOW
I STILL GOT IT!
YA KNOW, FOR WHEN WE
GET THAT EGG-WICH BACK!
I CAN ALMOST
TASTE IT ALREADY!
HMM.
[RATTLING]
OHH!
IT'S THE EGG-WICH THIEF!
[GRUNTING]
HE'S AN ANIMAL!
[GROWLS]
MM.
NOW!
OH! HUH?
STOP, YOU THIEF!
PUT THE EGG-WICH DOWN!
OHH!
AW-AW-AW-AW!
[GRUNTING]
WHOA...AFTER HIM!
STOP!
OH, BOY...
HE CAN REALLY MOVE!
[THINKING]
THIS GUY'S DEFINITELY
GOT SOMETHING TO HIDE.
THERE'S NO WAY WE CAN
LET HIM GET AWAY!
AW-AW-AW-AW-AW!
FINALLY, WE CAN
STOP RUNNING...
OH, NO WE CAN'T!
WE GOTTA CUT HIM OFF!
OR WE'LL NEVER GET
THOSE EGG-WICHES BACK!
AW-AW-AW-AW-AW-AW-AW!
HUH?
OHHH!
[GASP]
UNH!
NOW CAN WE STOP?
WHO ON EARTH IS THIS GUY?
Ms. Dorothy:
DAMON?!
HUH?
OHH!
YOU KNOW HIM?
TAKE YOUR TIME
TO ANSWER--
I NEED A BREAK.
YES, I KNOW HIM...
AND HE KNOWS BETTER
THAN STEALING!
HUH? AW-AW!
MY, YOU HAVE
CHANGED!
I CHANGE.
I CHANGE
FOR BETTER!
NOT YOUR GRAMMAR.
HOW DO YOU KNOW HIM,
MS. DOROTHY?
WHERE ELSE,
FROM SCHOOL!
HE USED TO BE
AN OBELISK BLUE.
Jaden: BOY, THEY REALLY
HAD A CHILL DRESS CODE
BACK THEN, HUH?
NO, HE LOOKED
DIFFERENT
BACK THEN...
BUT THEN, ONE DAY,
HE JUST DISAPPEARED!
I WAS SO SAD--
HE WAS ONE
OF MY FAVORITES,
ALWAYS VISITING ME
AT THE CARD SHACK,
ESPECIALLY
ON SANDWICH DAYS!
OH, HOW HE LOVED TRYING
TO PICK A GOOD SANDWICH!
OHH! SARDINES?! OHH.
OHH!
SHAME HE WAS
SO BAD AT IT.
BUT THIS GUY'S ALWAYS
PICKIN' THE GOOD ONE,
YOU SURE IT'S
THE SAME PERSON?
HA HA HA!
NOT SAME PERSON!
I NEW PERSON NOW.
I LIVE IN THE NATURE!
I HONE MY SKILLS!
WELL, WHY'D YOU
LEAVE?
WHEN I OBELISK,
I TEST GOOD!
BUT WHEN COME TO DUEL,
DAMON HAVE SOME DEGREE
OF DIFFICULTY.
Damon, thinking:
ALRIGHT, TIME TO
TAKE DOWN JINZO!
HERE GOES!
OH, GREAT! A TRAP!
THIS IS THE WORST DRAW
I COULD HAVE POSSIBLY GOTTEN!
I'VE LOST!
MY DRAW RUIN ME...
EACH TIME!
SO I DECIDE
I MUST IMPROVE!
I DO EVERYTHING
I CAN THINK OF!
SOMEONE! PLEASE!
MAKE ME A BETTER
CARD DRAWER!
BUT NO ANSWER.
NOTHING HAPPEN.
ONLY WAVES GO
BACK AND FORTH.
ALWAYS BACK AND FORTH.
THEN...HIT ME!
UH, YOU WANT ME TO
HIT YOU?
NO, IT HIT ME.
JUST LIKE I KNOW WHAT
COME NEXT IN WAVE,
I REALIZE I CAN KNOW
WHAT COME NEXT IN CARDS.
MUST SIMPLY BE
IN TUNE WITH NATURE!
Alexis, thinking:
I'M THINKING THIS
GUY CAN'T HELP ME
FIND MY BROTHER.
IN FACT, FROM
THE SMELL OF HIM,
I DON'T THINK HE
CAN EVEN FIND
A BAR OF SOAP...
THIS WHY...
I LIVE OUT HERE.
TO TRAIN, TO LEARN,
TO BE AT ONE WITH NATURE!
TO BE AT ONE...
WITH THE DRAW!
[GRUNTING]
I GET VERY GOOD.
BUT STILL...ONLY ONE
WAY FOR I TO BE SURE.
ULTIMATE TEST.
I DRAW EGG-WICHES.
THIS IS WHY I TAKE
THEM THESE PAST WEEKS.
NOT BECAUSE I THIEF!
WE UNDERSTAND.
I DON'T.
I MEAN, DON'T GET
ME WRONG, DAMON...
I DON'T THINK YOU'RE
A THIEF ANYMORE, BUT...
BUT?
BUT THIS:
I LIKE THOSE
EGG-WICHES
AS MUCH AS
THE NEXT GUY,
SO LET'S DUEL!
IF I WIN, THEN YOU
STOP SWIPIN' 'EM!
YOU WIN,
THEY'RE ALL YOURS!
HMM. FINE!
BUT I EXPERT DRAWER,
THERE NO WAY
YOU CAN BEAT ME!
HEY, I'M NO SLOUCH!
IT'S TRUE!
HE'S THE BEST I KNOW!
OHH.
Damon: IT ON!
NOW LET SEE HOW
QUICK YOU ARE...
ON THE DRAW!
ALRIGHT, DAMON,
GET YOUR GAME ON!
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
IT'S TIME
TO THROW DOWN...
HERE GOES!
SWEET! I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
ATTACK MODE!
[GRUNTING]
I'LL ALSO THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'LL DO.
YOUR DRAW!
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU GOT!
JUST AS TREES
SWAY TO AND FRO,
I KNOW WHAT WILL COME!
AW-AW-AW-AW!
HEH HEH HE. YES.
THE NATURE
HAS TAUGHT ME WELL.
I PLAY CARD FACEDOWN.
THEN SUMMON CARD
I DREW, DRAWLER!
AW-AW-AW-AW!
[GROWLS]
WHAT'S THAT THING?
NOT FRIENDLY.
NOW FOR EVERY CARD
IN MY HAND
THAT I RETURN
TO DECK,
DRAWLER GAIN 500
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINT.
AND I RETURN FOUR
CARD FROM HAND!
THAT'S
ALL HIS CARDS!
AW, MAN...THAT
DRAWLER'S DECKED OUT NOW!
[GROWLING]
ERR.
DRAWLER...
ATTACK AVIAN!
STONE ROLL WRECKER!
WHAT THE--?!
WHEN MONSTER
IN ATTACK MODE GET BEAT
BY DRAWLER HE NO GO
TO GRAVEYARD.
HE GO TO BOTTOM
OF YOUR DECK
SO YOU WON'T BE ABLE
USE FOR LONG TIME!
NOW MY TURN END.
WOW. NICE MOVE.
[THINKING]
SWEET! ANOTHER
GOOD DRAW!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
POLYMERIZATION!
AND FUSE ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE
RAMPART BLASTER!
[GROWLS]
IN DEFENSE MODE?
YEP...BUT IF I TAKE
ITS ATTACK POINTS...
AND SPLIT THEM
IN HALF?
I'M ALLOWED TO WAGE
A DIRECT ATTACK!
RAMPART BARRAGE!
AW-AW-AW!
[GRUNTING]
THAT'LL DO FOR ME!
[THINKING]
HE DRAW GOOD
FOR MAN WHO WEAR SHIRT
AND HAVE HAIRCUT,
BUT STILL,
HE NO MATCH
FOR THE WAY OF NATURE!
[THINKING]
UH-OH.
HE'S GOT A WEIRD
LOOK IN HIS EYE...
WELL...WEIRDER.
I ACTIVATE TRAP!
GO, MIRACLE DRAW!
THIS HOW WORK:
BEFORE I MAKE MY
CARD DRAW FROM DECK...
I ANNOUNCE WHAT CARD
I THINK I DRAW,
AND IF I RIGHT...
YOU TAKE 1,000 DAMAGE,
I WRONG,
I TAKE DAMAGE!
HE'S GUESSING WHAT
HE'S GOING TO DRAW?
GOOD LUCK!
THIS IS ONE
GUTSY MOVE!
[THINKING]
NO JOKE.
NEARLY FORTY CARDS
IN THAT DECK...
AND HE'S GOING TO GUESS
THE TOP ONE?
YOU THINK I WON'T
GUESS RIGHT.
YOU MIGHT...
NO MIGHT!
THE SNOW NO NOT
MIGHT MELT!
IT WILL MELT!
AND I WILL GUESS RIGHT!
DRAW WILL BE...CARD LOAN!
HE'S RIGHT?!
NO WAY!
THIS GUY'S WEIRDING ME OUT.
ERR.
NOW YOU TAKE
1,000 POINT DAMAGE.
[GRUNTING]
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
CARD LOAN.
YOU REGAIN 1,000 POINTS,
AND I LOSE
1,000 LIFE POINTS.
BUT I GET TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM DECK!
AND THEN I MUST
RETURN CARD TO MY DECK
AT THE END OF MY TURN!
ALL OF THAT JUST
TO MAKE A DRAW?
[THINKING]
HE MUST HAVE A GOOD
HUNCH WHAT'S THERE.
HERE DRAW...I LIKE!
OKAY!
I ACTIVATE DRAWBER!
A SPELL CARD!
NOW YOU DRAW CARD,
AND I GUESS WHAT IT IS!
I GUESS CORRECT
AND ALL CARD IN YOUR HAND
AND ON FIELD GO BACK
TO YOUR DECK.
OH, NO! THAT'LL LEAVE
JADEN WIDE OPEN!
[THINKING]
THERE'S NO WAY HE CAN
GUESS RIGHT AGAIN!
DRAW IS...DEFUSION!
HA HA HA!
RIGHT AGAIN!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
GUESS EVERYTHING
GOES BACK TO MY
DECK NOW...
THIS IS GONNA HURT...
DRAWLER! ATTACK
WITH STONE ROLL...WRECKER!
[GROWLING]
[GRUNTING]
I END MY TURN.
ALRIGHT THEN...
HERE'S MINE...
I'LL SUMMON
WROUGHTWEILER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I THINK I'LL
LEAVE IT AT THAT.
NOT LISHUS.
WITH MIRACLE DRAW
STILL OUT...
ALL DAMON HAS TO DO IS...
GUESS ONE MORE CARD RIGHT
AND IT'S GOODBYE
EGG-WICHES FOR GOOD!
[THINKING]
COME ON, JADEN...
AW, MAN...
IT OVER YET?
NO!
[THINKING]
THIS IT.
JUST AS I KNOW LEAVES
WILT THEN GROW,
I KNOW I CAN PICK
MY NEXT DRAW...
AND WITH WROUGHTWEILER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THERE IS ONLY ONE
CARD THAT CAN HELP ME.
WITH IT, I CAN
DESTROY MONSTER,
THEN DESTROY JADEN!
[THINKING]
I MUST DRAW SHIELD
CRUSH TO WIN.
MUST DRAW SHIELD CRUSH.
GIVE ME SHIELD CRUSH!
[GROANING]
DRAW WILL BE
SHIELD CRUSH!
IF HE'S GUESSED
THIS CARD RIGHT,
IT'S ALL OVER
FOR JADEN!
OH, NO!
All: HE'S WRONG?!
AAH!
I SUMMON DORON
IN ATTACK MODE.
SO I GUESS WRONG!
IT NO MATTER!
I STILL BEAT YOU!
JUST YOU WAIT AND SEE!
DRAWLER ATTACKS
WROUGHTWEILER
WITH STONE ROLL WRECKER!
I PLAY WROUGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW, SINCE HE WAS SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO PUT
POLYMERIZATION
AND BURSTINATRIX
BACK IN MY HAND!
FINE, BUT I NOT DONE YET!
NOW DORON ATTACKS YOU!
MAD DASH DINGER!
[GROWLING]
[GRUNTING]
JADEN...
IS IT OVER NOW?
I END TURN.
AND SINCE YOU
ONLY HAVE
HUNDRED LIFE POINT
REMAINING,
SOON LIKE THE SEASONS END,
I END YOU!
OKAY, THAT'S ENOUGH!
ALL THIS
NATURE TALK,
THAT TERRIBLE
FAKE VOICE?
COME ON, DAMON!
YOU SPENT ONE YEAR OUT
IN THE WILDERNESS...
I MEAN, IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU WERE RAISED THERE
AS A BABY OR SOMETHING!
IT'S TIME TO GET
REAL...
YOU WRONG!
IF DRAWING CARDS WAS
AS PREDICTABLE
AS SNOW MELTIN'
YOU'D NEVER GUESS WRONG
AND YA JUST DID!
DRAWING'S
ABOUT USIN'
YOUR GUT, YA KNOW,
BEIN' IN TUNE
WITH YOURSELF!
EVEN THEN YOU'LL
NEVER GUESS
EVERY DRAW RIGHT!
AFTER ALL, YOU'RE
ONLY HUMAN, DAMON.
EVEN IF YA DO GET
AROUND BY SWINGIN'
ON VINES.
THAT'S WHAT MAKES
DRAWIN' GREAT!
YOU NEVER KNOW
WHAT YOU'LL GET.
BUT YOU CAN
ALWAYS HOPE!
LIKE NOW, I'M HOPING
FOR A CERTAIN CARD.
AND I'VE PLAYED
THE WAY I HAVE...
CUZ MY GUT TOLD ME
I'D GET IT!
AND WHADAYA KNOW!
'MEMBER THAT FIRST CARD
YOU DESTROYED
WITH DRAWLER?
HOW IT WENT
TO THE BOTTOM
OF MY DECK
INSTEAD OF
TO THE GRAVEYARD?
WELL, SINCE YOU MADE
ME SHUFFLE MY DECK,
GUESS WHO'S
BACK ON TOP!
SO! DRAWLER JUST HAVE TO
DESTROY HIM AGAIN!
DON'T THINK SO,
NOT THIS TIME!
I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION!
AND FUSE FROM MY HAND
BURSTINATRIX AND AVIAN
SO THAT I CAN CREATE
THE ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
[GROWLS]
WHAT?!
ALRIGHT! THAT DRAWLER
WON'T BE DESTROYING
ANYTHING!
NOW, FLAME WINGMAN,
ATTACK DRAWLER
WITH...
INFERNAL RAGE!
[GROWLS]
[GRUNTING]
I STILL STANDING!
YEAH, BUT NOT FOR LONG,
CUZ NOW I'M ACTIVATING
THE FLAME WINGMAN'S
SUPER POWER!
AND THAT MEANS THAT
YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HALF YOUR
DESTROYED MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
AND THAT BRINGS YOU
DOWN...
TO ZERO!
I LOSE?
[GROANS]
THAT'S GAME!
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
GOOD STUFF.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I LOST,
I-I DON'T UNDERSTAND!
I TRAINED OUT HERE
FOR A WHOLE YEAR!
HEY, YOU'RE SPEAKIN'
LIKE A HUMAN BEING AGAIN.
OH, I, UH, NO GET WHAT--
OHH! HEEEEY...
IT'S OKAY, DAMON.
YOU CAN JUST BE
YOURSELF.
YA MEAN IT?
CUZ I COULD REALLY
USE A SHOWER.
AND A HAIRCUT!
AND SHIRT.
WELL, ACTUALLY, I THOUGHT
ALL THAT VINE-SWINGING
GOT ME PRETTY RIPPED,
SO I WAS THINKING
THAT MAYBE, YOU KNOW...
DAMON, A SHIRT.
YEAH!
HMM.
IT'S...EGG-WICH TIME!
[CROWING]
SO, HAS ANYONE DRAWN
THE EGG-WICH YET?
NO, NOT YET!
GOOD LUCK.
YEAH...BETTER LUCK
THAN I HAD
WITH THIS HAIRCUT,
AT LEAST.
Alexis: I DREW IT!
THE EGG-WICH! IT'S MINE!
HA HA HA!
OHH.
Jaden: HEY, ALEXIS,
I'LL TRADE YA,
I GOT SOMETHING...
GREENISH?
I'LL TAKE IT. WHAT?
I'VE BEEN EATING
TREE BARK AND GRUBS
FOR THE PAST YEAR!